Rongfei, you’ve finally woken up.
Who’s outside?
I’ve already dealt with the one who framed you.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
My younger sister is still young.
She might not have been brought up properly.
I’m sorry for the trouble, Your Majesty.
Let me go!
Even if you’ve punished Su Qingwan,
it doesn’t give you the right to act like a rogue.
Is this how you honor your beloved Consort Yan?
In a family, we should speak in one voice.
I will never allow anyone to harm you.
You’re in poor health.
From now on, stay in the palace.
I’ve already sent someone to inform your family.
What went wrong?
Is this person possessed?
Ah...
Rongfei!
Are you dissatisfied with my arrangements?
Of course not.
I’ll follow Your Majesty’s arrangements.
My empress is still so understanding.
It’s only the concubine who’s been wronged.
I must find a way to properly compensate her.
You should rest well.
Don’t worry.
I will make sure everything is arranged for you.
At this time,
it seems that Qin Qi’s registration hasn’t been long.
The officials are very partial to her.
Consort Yan has some critical words.
Ah...
Oh no.
Is he planning to make me a target for Consort Yan?
The emperor’s kindness is often with ulterior motives.
Either treacherous or deceitful.
Greetings, Your Majesty.
My son is here.
Sit.
My son, about Rongfei,
You’re right behind the scenes.
Indeed, the harem should not be monopolized by one person.
I really like Rongfei.
Except for that heartless younger sister,
All other Xiunu should be kept.
My son, you’ve finally come around.
Ancestors are watching, ancestors are watching!
Haha!
Mother, is it really as terrible as you say?
Hmph.
You’re almost becoming a servant for that Hu girl.
Just watch.
This selection, that Hu girl still has more to stir up.